beauty people today show you
one more ko there they have sent
show is a launch of the woman what
here in the house written moyo faith and the badge
with the name hot wheels good and looks like this
have a size 3 by 31 57 -
also to the normal cubes the church by
three only he has crazy cuts
right separates much appears 3 by 31 to
all parts are the same that have a
center is always in place but has
a center and always the same thing corners
and it really is the 3 by 3 to 1
I had to do with a lot of risk of
to do something stupid but it was a
half has two colors right and this takes one
corner
Funny thing you sing, but I feel like
just divide in the middle, right?
but it has three colors
all the pieces are so many or 6 1
103 works like 383 more people play
A little bit with him is very time.
show you
You know that business that we do in the
3GB rotate twice every layer
layers ne
here o
he also knows when he gets the colors
opposite
Ok, what's going on?
So it's like I'm looking at it, same thing.
for three but you'll just have to think
We can do them together here.
then those months here look are
oriented all over yellow already
who was not having
and it 's cool to join them again here
after doing a two and I will do more
once to vote the whole place, not just
will have a little problem here look what
happens
then the center turned no you make three
times
turn one hundred and on this record here will do
difference
You have to know if it will pass
I spent a jet a video talking about it
but I'll do it here
but a r 1 is taken from the 2 to 1 new r
23 under it is accustomed there that he is well
scroll the day, do not do it for example
disoriente aquino won the 14th place
edir or all the good to us and he is
great
it's very good
and have a duty that sometimes are not
horrible, right?
here is my dear lion of 3%
Samouil, that's the way brother is , there folks.
very cool, I liked it
Who wants to buy I'll leave the link in the
description of the video is 12.58 that there was
beauty and that's it any last
you can write comments down there
Video is good
hug